Update context.py (#660)
stac-utils/stac-fastapi: CHANGES.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> * Fixed warnings in ..... ([#660](https://github.com/stac-utils/stac-fastapi/pull/660))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed warnings.warn deprecation syntax for response class and the context extension ([#660](https://github.com/stac-utils/stac-fastapi/pull/660))
```
